Causes of death are many and varied. Old age, suicide, illness...
But the cause of death that scares the most people in this day and age...
Day... is breaking.
Konro!
"Solar Year 196--Tokyo, Asakusa"
Are you okay? Where is that Infernal?
Yeah, Beni... I made it... You've carbonized, you know.
How come? If I'd fought with you,
you wouldn't have had to get this beaten up.
Why didn't you let me fight, too?
Beni, we can't afford to lose you at a time like this.
You dumbass!
We're all still here because of you!
Now that you've ended up like this, who's gonna be in charge of Asakusa?!
You're going to, Benimaru.
--Look and make sure there are no civilians buried under the houses!
--The Special Fire Force. --Look and make sure there are no civilians buried under the houses!
--The Special Fire Force. --There may still be Infernals around, too!
--They show up after it's all over. --There may still be Infernals around, too!
Those could collapse at any time! Watch yourselves!
I'm Soichiro Hague, captain of Special Fire Force Company 4.
"Special Fire Force Company 4" "Captain" "Soichiro Hague"
Konro-kun, right? You're the neighborhood watch representative?
By order of the emperor, the Asakusa hikeshis
are hereby formally inducted into the Special Fire Force as Company 7.
You're just afraid of what we can do!
Beni, hold on a second.
We'll be the 7th? What's in it for us?
Once you're an official company of the empire, you'll be supported financially,
as well as given equipment, supplies, and top-notch personnel.
I do not see any reason for you to decline.
I can't answer you immediately. Let me consider it.
It will be comforting to have tough men like you on our side.
I'm looking forward to your favorable response.
You're thinking of becoming an imperial dog?!
If we could have operated as an official company,
the damage we suffered this time around might have been a bit lower.
If the empire means to exploit us, we can just exploit the empire right back.
"Solar Year 198"
"Tokyo, Asakusa"
The fact that my body has gotten like this is on me.
Waka has nothing to be concerned about.
You went to that length for Captain Shinmon?
Waka is the person who should be in charge.
I have no regrets sacrificing my body to intercede, either.
You men know what I mean, right? If it means supporting Waka,
I'll offer my two-bit life as many times as I need to.
You shouldn't do that, sir.
For almost as long as I can remember, my family...
...and everything else I held dear has been lost.
So to me, there are no two-bit lives, or even high-priced ones.
Everyone's life is precious.
I want to be a hero that saves everyone!
Lieutenant Konro, before you decide to give your life away,
please use me!
I want to be of help!
Thanks. I appreciate how you feel.
Until you find something that's truly important to you, I'll count on you.
Important to me?
I feel much better after staying here and talking to you,
but I can't lie around all day. I'm going to go do some interviews, too.
Is there no way that we can help with the investigation?
It won't bother me.
As long as I'm there, it shouldn't be a problem.
I found you!
--Are you still going to pretend you weren't horsing around with my Kanna?! --You just got through telling me to, remember?!
What are you saying?! Why would I tell you to throw out my shoes?!
What's going on here?
"Episode 13: The Trap Is Set"
The darkness is illuminated
The days we've grown accustomed to walking are weeded out
My dream might be to make a stable living
but I'll moan over the lack of stimulation
The end is illuminated
Where are the streets we're accustomed to walking?
Time can sometimes be irksome,
but we're enveloped in warmth
Flames rise to show us the way
reminding us of a gentle melody
There is no eternity, none at all, they say
I just smile, thinking that's fine with me
If we shine, someday, our light will go out
We'll keep on walking until the day
the fire of our lives gets doused
Playthings that make sounds
and magic that chases pain away
are all precious treasures to me
There is no eternity, none at all, they say
We'll keep on walking until the day
the fire of our lives gets doused
How many times do I have to say it?! I'm innocent!
The hell you are! I was there and I saw you steal it!
Are you sure it was him?
Yeah, no doubt about it.
I saw you walking around with another woman!
I'm telling you, it wasn't me!
What the hell is going on?
There's no way there could be this many cases of mistaken identity in one night.
Hey, you!
What are you giving me that face for?!
No, what's your problem?!
--You little stink! --You little stink!
Come on now, you two... Hey, stop that.
It's unusual for Hika and Hina to fight.
--Huh?! --Huh?!
She's not Hika! She's someone that's not Hika!
She's not Hina! She's someone that's not Hina!
What are they talking about?
How can you say she even looks like Hikage? Come on, are you dense?!
Who are you, then, you big jerk?!
What the hell did you do with Hika?! Give Hika back! I'll rip the life outta you!
What did you put Hina?! Give Hina back to me!
Hinata, Hikage, stop it!
Let's play tag again, okay? We'll play nice.
Come on, now, you two.
Oh?
Yay!
You disgust me.
Ah! What did you do, you rotten onion-headed knight?!
--How could you do that to a child?! --I thought you were a good idiot!
But you were a bad idiot, huh?
Look closer! That's definitely a tiny old man dressed up like a girl!
Are your eyes stupid, too?!
--That's definitely either Hinata or Hikage!
Is this something a knight would do?! --That's definitely either Hinata or Hikage!
--You're not just an idiot, you've up and gone nuts!
Whoa, take it easy, there, 8th.
Huh? A tiny old man...?
That's not Hikage!
I told you so.
What the hell...?
Your face is my canvas. You're going from regular person to work of art.
As quick as a dart, "art."
It feels great. It feels great.
You'll be fine.
It feels great?
I use heat to manipulate blood vessels, dilating your capillaries and lymph ducts.
Then I utilize the localized swelling to change the shape of your face.
That's it, relax. You are going to be a work of art.
It feels great?
No, I don't like this.
--You treacherous flop! Did you think your face could bask in the light of Sol?!
--Wh-What are you...? --You treacherous flop! Did you think your face could bask in the light of Sol?!
Zeal! Zeal!
Ah, the blood is starting to boil! My craft is a big bang!
Ooh, that's hot!
Yona,
--My art does not betray me. Anyone who turns on me is not my art. As I thought.
--we don't have an unlimited supply of followers. Don't waste them.
The bugs are ready to go. The plan is complete. We should get going, too.
--We're going to turn Asakusa into a sea of flames again.
--As quick as a dart, art. --We're going to turn Asakusa into a sea of flames again.
--As quick as a dart, art.
--Hey, you! What's the big idea, eating at my restaurant without paying?!
--I'm telling you, I don't remember doing that! --Hey, you! What's the big idea, eating at my restaurant without paying?!
--I'm telling you, I don't remember doing that! --Hold on! I'm not the one who did that!
How are so many misunderstandings taking place?
Is there a shapeshifting fox about, or something?
How could I even be at your restaurant when I was eating elsewhere?!
How the hell am I supposed to know?!
This is the same thing I went through earlier tonight.
--Infernal! --There's an Infernal!
There's an Infernal here, too!
Hurry and call the Fire Force!
Not now!
In the chaos of the fires and the impostors, no one will trust anyone now.
Then they will learn that Sol is the only thing they can believe in.
Asakusa is a power spot.
Someone compatible may come about through the bugs.
Or perhaps another demon may be born.
We'll take advantage of the confusion to hit the 8th.
Here we go.
Infernal!
Yo-chan has gone and turned Infernal!
Captain, let's help to put them to rest!
No! This is the 7th's jurisdiction. We can't take any action on our own.
You want us to just sit on our hands and watch?
While we may have Tamaki here, who has undergone sister training,
she hasn't taken her vows, so we can't officially put anyone to rest.
Besides, there are some here who don't wish to be put to rest the imperial way.
As far as the people here go, if we have to die anyway,
we want to have Benimaru-chan be the one putting us to rest.
Where has Waka gone?
The 8th will rescue civilians and direct the evacuation!
--Yes, sir! --Yes, sir!
Maki-san!
We're being sniped at?!
Kusakabe, that was...
Yeah, the same as the time with Rekka.
Stay back! I've got this!
Can't deflect... it...
Transmogrify!
Maki-san!
I'm all right. Sputter came leaping into my arms.
I'll draw their fire!
Don't do anything crazy!
Yes, sir!
You go, too, Arthur.
That was in-enviable!
"Correct: 'inevitable'"
It curved?
The second shot may have curved,
but it clearly came from a different spot than the first one.
--Just admit it!
--They're taking advantage of the chaos to shoot while on the run. --Just admit it!
--They're taking advantage of the chaos to shoot while on the run. --Infernal!
--They're taking advantage of the chaos to shoot while on the run. --Shut up! Stop shouting!
If they attack again right away, the third shot will come from...
...over there!
Hey, what was that explosion just now?!
That explosion was mostly from my kick.
That flame arrow wasn't about to be deflected from its course,
even when I tried to turn it aside.
What's more,
the third shot came from a good ways off from me.
Are they trying to avoid me getting too close?
Or maybe they're luring me away to separate me from the rest of the 8th.
Even if they are...
Arthur, you keep pursuing them on foot!
I'll direct you to where they're shooting from each time!
If you tell me left, or right, or east, or whatever, I'm not going to get it.
Make sure you point!
Is he acting big about how dumb he is?
Let's go!
Where is the real Hikage?
Were you also the one who transformed into the 8th's captain?
People are untrustworthy. They lie. They deceive. They betray. They die easily.
That's why we need Sol.
I didn't ask you about any of that "God" crap!
I only want to hear one thing from you.
Y-You're hurting me... What have you done with Hikage?
Huh?!
You proto-nationalist scum who turn your backs on Sol,
I have nothing to say to any of you.
A vial? Did you...?
Long live the Great Sol and the Evangelist--
The flame...
...is the soul's breath.
The black smoke is the soul's release.
Ashes thou wert and art. May thy soul...
...return to the great flame of fire.
Látom.
--Látom. --Látom.
Gross.
Damn it, what the hell was that?
Was that one of those artificial Infernalizations?
Sorry for not doing that proto-nationalist style.
No sweat. The guy wasn't from Asakusa anyway.
Also...
We tried to evacuate the town's people, but they would not do a thing we said.
We need someone who can lead them.
Waka...
Hey! Don't go there, you people! That way is an inferno!
Waka! There are Infernals over there, too!
We can't stop them anymore by ourselves!
I'll see to the Infernals. Can you somehow direct the townspeople?
There appear to be people throughout the town stirring things up.
Konro, what would you do?
Where are you? Where did you go?
You're not getting away!
It's no use. You can't stop my arrow.
White-Clad. You're in league with the Evangelist.
Hmph.
Arthur!
Again? That sword has a rather strong-willed flame.
Oh, no you don't!
You dumbass! Stay out of my way!
I was trying to help you, you know!
You keep out of this!
No, you keep out of this!
If you can repel my arrows, I'll just have to use exploding ones.
Get off of me, now!
You just keep lying down! "Good knight"!
That hooded guy is still coming.
We have to work together, or they'll do us in.
You don't have to tell me, I get it.
Even when I tell you, you still don't get it-- Hmm?
I'm Puts-Up-with-Stuff-That-Sucks Man.
Hmph.
People talk about being on the same page, but I'm not expecting that with you.
Let's split these two up somehow.
That does seem like the best plan.
You've got the longer reach, so you take the hooded guy.
With my speed I can get in close, so I'll take the archer.
The hooded guy moves to protect the archer, so we have to peel him away.
--Let's do it! --Yeah--
The reason why they can move around so well
is because their forward and rearward responsibilities don't overlap.
We need to establish our own formation, too. Meaning...
Meaning...?
Like this, right?
You can't escape!
There's no way you're getting away!
Forfei-- Forbear!
"Correct: 'forfeit'"
Fall back, Arrow!
You can't escape!
A bug!
Beni!
I don't know your name, but at least let me relieve your suffering.
Way to hang in there.
"To be continued"
You can toil your way through humorless days
and curse the unwavering present,
but words that simply hang in the air
are not enough to save you
We've been walking shoulder-to-shoulder
between sights we never reach
and pain that brings no warmth
to make it to a faraway place
Given the hope that you speak of
or the ideals that you dream of
I'll find a way to show you love, however cold you may be
You can toil your way through humorless days
and curse the unwavering present,
but words that simply hang in the air
are not enough to save you You can cry out timidly
but that changes when the nights grow fevered
Even if we let go of each other's hands,
I hope we can still walk together again
I'll refrain from saying goodbye
to ensure that we can meet again somewhere
"Next time"
"Episode 14: For Whom the Flames Burn"